What do you do when you finish this course?
Let me briefly go over the other courses that I have
and in particular, two Kubernetes courses
that you can still take after doing this one.
You can find my other courses on this URL
and you can use the coupon code Bonus_Lecture
to get the lowest price available.
So these are all my courses available.
The ones that are going to be interesting for you
is the Learn DevOps: Advanced Kubernetes Usage
and the Learn DevOps: On-Prem or Cloud Agnostic Kubernetes.
These build on this first course
and many more lectures
so that you can learn more about Kubernetes.
This is the course overview of the advanced course
where I will be talking about centralized logging,
authentication, authorization, package management,
the job resource and scheduling,
deploying on Kubernetes with Spinnaker.
So Spinnaker is a tool to deploy on Kubernetes.
I'm going to talk about Linkerd,
Federdation, and monitoring.
And in the On-Prem or Cloud Agnostic Kubernetes
the focus is not on cloud,
but all the other deployments.
So these are cloud agnostic deployments.
So we're going to introduce you to Kubernetes using kubeadm.
I'm going to talk about operators,
Rook; this can provide you with self storage
within your cluster
and when you're not in the cloud you need
some independent storage.
Manage TLS certificates,
this lecture is also included in this course.
Authentication with Dex (OIDC)
to use GitHub or LDAP for authentication
within your cluster.
We're talking about Istio, Calico, Vault,
and OpenShift Origin.
The other courses that are available
that are interesting are Jenkins
if you wanna build pipelines using Jenkins.
You can also deploy your apps using Jenkins
on Kubernetes.
Spinnaker, if you want to use Spinnaker to deploy your apps.
Spinnaker can also be integrated with Jenkins.
So you can do your build with Jenkins
and then you can do deployment with Spinnaker.
It's a tool that was developed by Netflix.
And Prometheus for monitoring and alerting.
This one goes in depth how to install and use Prometheus.
In the advanced course there's also
a lecture about Prometheus,
but here we really go into the Prometheus details.
Then there's Infrastructure Automation with Terraform.
If you're deploying on the cloud
you definitely want to use Terraform
to describe your infrastructure.
You can also deploy EKS.
It'll just EKS with Terraform
so you can deploy a Kubernetes cluster
all described in Terraform code.
That's it.
Don't forget the coupon code is Bonus underscore Lecture.
Use the coupon code to get the lowest price available.
Just one more thing I want to tell you
before you move on.
If your company is looking to use Kubernetes,
you might want expert advice when implementing Kubernetes.
With Kubeops we are providing consultancy services
for companies to help them own their Kubernetes journey.
You can find us at kubeops.co
and schedule a meeting with us
straight from the website itself.
We provide consultancy services, ongoing support
for maintenance, and 24/7 instant support for
any Kubernetes setup on-prem or on the cloud.